# Experiment-Data-of-Robustness-of-Code-Generation
This GitHub Repository contains the experiment data of the research project on the robustness of LLms in code generation. 
The folds are:
- Summary-And-Analysis: Contains the Excel files that summarises the experiment data and the results of staticial analysis presented in the research paper. 
- Raw Data: It contains the raw data collected in the experiments. It contains four sub-folders : (a) Codex, (b) Falcon, (c) GeminiPro, (d) Llama2; one for the data of one LLM used in our experiment.
- Inside each of the four sub-folders for different LLMs, there are ten sub-folders named by the similarity/disctance metric used in the experiments for the corresponding experiment data.
- Within each folder for one similarity metric, there are 900 subfolders. Each fold contains the data of testing the LLM on one test case. They are named as Test1, Test2, ..., Test900.
- The folder for one test case contains a number of folders and a file named as "AllEditDistances.csv". Each folder of the former contains a number of files containing the raw data used and/or generated in the expriment.
  If the folder is for a paraphrased coding task, it contains the following files. 
  -- the task decription (either generated by paraphrasing) or the original on in the test case;
  -- the Jave codes obtained from querying the LLM (may be multiple, if the solution contains multiple classes); 
  -- the reference solution Java code contained in the test case (optional, only available in the folder for the original test case); 
  -- the class files obtained by compiling the Java codes;
  -- the test codes generated by EvoSuite to test the correctness of the LLM generated solution;
  -- the rank of the paraphrase in the file "Neighbourhood,txt";
  -- the number of words modified in the paraphrase  in the file "NumberOfWords.txt";
  If the folder is for the original coding task, it also contains the following files.
  -- the reference solution of Java code in .java files, which are from the test case provided by the SCenEval benchmark (may be multiple, if the solution contains multiple classes) ;
  -- the clas files obtained by compiling the .java files.
  -- The test code in JUnit format in .java file (may be in a subfolder, too) generated by the EvoSuite tool.
  -- the complexities of reference solution;
  -- the complexities of LLM generated solution;
  -- the execution time used to test on this test case;
  -- the size of the memory space used in test this test case;
  -- the total number of paraphrases generated; 
- The file "AllEditDistances.csv" contains the edit distances of the LLM-generated solutions on the paraphrases from the solution generated from the original task description, as well as these paraphrases' scrores of similarity with the original task descriptions. The data of the first failaure and last success can be found in this file. 
